---
title: Press
---

{{<icon class="fa fa-envelope">}}&nbsp;Enquiries to [ahfm-press@pomeroy.me](mailto:ahfm-press@pomeroy.me)

## Raising the foundations for Mo’s next chapter

Chester, United Kingdom -- 10 May 2021

16 year old twins Morgan and James from Chester are survivors of twin-to-twin
transfusion syndrome, a rare condition that can happen in pregnancies of
identical  twins.

As a result of this incredibly rare condition, Morgan and James have numerous
health challenges. Morgan lives with profound disabilities, he is quadriplegic
with severe spastic cerebral palsy, epilepsy, and profound learning
difficulties. James has autistic spectrum disorder, anxiety, severe learning
difficulties, as well as epilepsy.

They have lived in Chester all their lives with their devoted parents Sharon and
Rob. As any other teenage boys, they both enjoy music, being with friends and
family and exploring their growing independence.

As the twins are getting older their care needs are changing and they need some
help transitioning into young men. Morgan needs an adapted home, with widened
doors for his wheelchair, ceiling hoists to help him move around and a specially
adapted bathroom.

The family home has long surpassed its owners needs and has become a storage
unit for many medical supplies and machinery, as well as a being a workplace for
the nurses and carers that provide daily and overnight care for Morgan.

The Pomeroy family hope to raise money for a new home for Morgan and James and
promote awareness of the additional needs of young people with similar
conditions as they progress to adulthood. 

The twins’ father Rob Pomeroy said, ‘Being a father to my boys has been one of
the most fulfilling experiences of my life, watching them grow, thrive and
overcome so many challenges. As any other parent, we are 100% committed to our
children’s health, happiness, and quality of life. 

As the boys’ progress into adulthood, it’s becoming increasingly clear that they
require a level of independence and space to grow. 

With a distinct lack of suitable facilities in the UK, the only way to keep the
boys close to their school, family and friends is a home for them, that we can
adapt to their needs, with room for the multiple medical staff that provide care
each week. 

We want our sons to have room to flourish as they enter their twenties, enjoy,
and pursue hobbies and interests in a safe environment unencumbered by plethora
of medical supplies that we need to have on hand. 

We launched up a GoFundMe campaign on 6 May 2021 and have been overwhelmed by
the response and generosity of people, whom we know and those we don’t know.
After a long time, wrestling with how we might be able to achieve this goal for
James and Morgan, for people to be willing to offer us a solution, is so
incredibly humbling.’

ENDS//

[Main page](/) | [Fundraising site](https://www.gofundme.com/f/a-home-for-mo)